Adds fabric worker mgmt (#354)
codalab/competitions-v2: README.md

    --log-opt max-file=3 \
    codalab/competitions-v2-compute-worker:nvidia 
```

# Worker management

Outside of docker containers install [Fabric](http://fabfile.org/) like so:

```bash

> pip install fab-classic

Reviewer: Any way we can do this with a docker container instead of directly on our machines? at the very least, should probably specify a version number.

Author: good call, adding

```

> and create a `server_config.yaml` in the root of this respository:

Reviewer: Add a `server_config_sample.yaml` file like we have `.env_sample` ?

Author: added

> and create a `server_config.yaml` in the root of this respository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `server_config.yaml` in the root of this repository using:
`cp server_config_sample.yaml server_config.yaml`
as a template
```
